Added release notes for GUI 0.20.0 (#373)
chocolatey/docs: input/en-us/chocolatey-gui/release-notes.md

> :memo: **NOTE** For commercial editions, please also refer to [Licensed Release Notes](xref:licensed-extension-release-notes), as well at the [Chocolatey GUI Licensed Extension Release Notes](xref:chocolatey-gui-licensed-extension-release-notes).

> ## [0.20.0]() (February 10, 2022)

Reviewer: You adding the milestone link in later?

Author: Indeed!

> :warning: **WARNING**
>

> > If you use Chocolatey GUI alongside the Chocolatey GUI Licensed Extension, if you install v0.29.0 of Chocolatey GUI then you will also have to install v0.4.0 of Chocolatey GUI Licensed Extension, or you will see errors when attempting to run Chocolatey GUI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you install v0.20.0 of Chocolatey GUI then you will also have to install v0.4.0 of Chocolatey GUI Licensed Extension if you use it. You will see errors when attempting to run Chocolatey GUI if you do not do so.
```
